README.md, before:

# Basic universal minified Nette API
Welcome to a little experiment over Nette Framework. The aim of this is to reduce the serverload while using Nette as API. Nette is great and complex thing. So is APItte. This project is very simple, minimalistic and lightweight (by design).
- replaces Nette\Application
- gets rid of unnecessary complicated stuff
    - presenters (turned into Endpoints)
    - router (simplified and merged with Request)
    - some other unnecessary autoloaded things in the container
- Gets data from JS/Fetch post data (that arrived using STDIN instead of $_POST)
- use Tracy to display error over XHR/Fetch requests
- Introduces minimalistic AJAX API security
- Connects with React App, run the whole development app (after preparing with `yarn` and `composer install`) using `yarn start` in the home directory
- If you dont like anything, just override that part and change the application in your bootstrap.php

## Dont get me wrong, I love Nette!
Nette, Latte etc. are great. It's IMHO just not efficient enough for modern "API" world (and maybe nor is this project :D).

## Clone and enjoy

Commit message:

Improvin README, gitignore, renamed Endpoints files, executing actions by priority starting with key-protected ('__' prefix) and trimmed action string, added security connectionClose action, added flag for authorized Request, removed Request flags

README.md, after:

# Basic universal minified Nette API
Welcome to a little experiment over Nette Framework. The aim of this is to reduce the serverload while using Nette as API. Nette is great and complex thing. So is APItte. This project is very simple, minimalistic and lightweight (by design).
- replaces Nette\Application
- gets rid of unnecessary preloaded Nette stuff to improve performance
    - presenters (turned into Endpoints)
    - router (simplified and merged with Request)
    - some other unnecessary autoloaded things in the container
    - DI Services will be created on-demand from Endpoints
- Autoloads data from JS/Fetch from STDIN (instead of $_POST) if needed
- Use Tracy to display error over XHR/Fetch requests
- Introduces minimalistic AJAX API security
- Using [git@github.com:sjiamnocna/renette.git](https://github.com/sjiamnocna/renette) as frontend you can simplify React + Nette integration
    - if you clone this repo into `server/` directory within the project, you can use `npm start` or `yarn start` to run React (Node) and PHP dev server (**DEV only, don\'t use on public**)
    - more coming (hopefully autodeploy and maybe generating docker container)
- If you dont like anything, feel free to override

## Dont get me wrong, I love Nette!
Nette, Latte etc. are great. It's IMHO just not efficient enough for modern "API" world

## Usage

- Begin by `composer install`
- Create `temp` and `log` directories for Nette to work
- Add service to configuration `app/config/common.neon`
```
services:
	Application: APIcation\Application(%parameters%)
```
- Create `app/config/local.neon` like this (**don't ever add to GIT!!!**);
```
    parameters:
        service: # used for service authentication
            service: privatekey
        #...other param
```

Start both server and local React app (CRA) using `yarn start` from the root directory (the one above `server/`)

OR use Makefile: `make run` to run local PHP server

## Clone and enjoy
